Allow to disable session background refresh (#3473)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: CHANGELOG.md

The following changes have been implemented but not released yet:

### New Feature

#### node

> - It is now possible to prevent a `Session` to self-refresh in NodeJS. To do so, a new
>   parameter is added to the constructor: `Session({ keepAlive: false })`. This prevents
>   the `Session` setting a callback to refresh the Access Token before it expires, which
>   could cause a memory leak in the case of a server-side application with many users, in
>   addition to unnecessary requests sent to the OpenID Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is now possible to prevent a `Session` self-refreshing in NodeJS. To do so, a new
  parameter is added to the constructor: `Session({ keepAlive: false })`. This prevents
  the `Session` setting a callback to refresh the Access Token before it expires, which
  could cause a memory leak in the case of a server-side application with many users.
  It also avoids unnecessary requests being sent to the OpenID Provider.
```
